Mr.Bennet was among the earliest of those who waited on Mr.Bingley. He had always intended to visit him, though to the last always assuring his wife that he should not go; and till the evening afer the visit was paid, she had no knowledge of it. It was then disclosed in the following manner. Observing his second daughter employed in trimming a hat, he suddenly addressed her with.
班奈特先生是那些最早等待彬格莱先生到来的人之一。尽管最后他总是向他夫人保证他不会去，他总是打算去拜访他；并且直到访问结束的那天晚上，她仍旧不知道这件事。然后通过后面的方式披露。通过观察他的二女儿被雇佣去裁剪帽子，他突然跟她讲话。

"I hope Mr.Bingley will like it, Lizzy."
“我希望彬格莱先生将会喜欢上丽兹。”

"We are not in a way to know what Mr.Bingley likes," said her mother resentfully, "since we are not to visit."
“我们在某种程度上不知道彬格莱先生喜欢什么，”她的妈妈不满地说，“因为我们没有去拜访他。”

"But you forget, mama," said Elizabeth, "that we shall meet him at the assemblies, and that Mrs.Long has promised to introduce him."
“但是你忘了，妈妈，”伊丽莎白说到，“我们将要在一次集会上见到他，就是朗格夫人答应介绍他的那场集会。”

"I do not believe Mrs.Long will do any such thing. She has two nieces of her own. She is a selfish, hypocritical woman, and I have no opinion of her."
“我并不相信朗格夫人会做这样的事情的。她有两个自己的侄女。她是一个自私的、虚伪的女人，而且我对他没有任何意见。”

"No more have I," said Mr.Bennet; "and I am glad to find that you do not depend on her serving you."
“我也是，”班纳特先生说，“而且我很高兴发现你不依赖她对你的帮助。”

Mrs.Bennet deigned not to make any reply; but unable to contain herself, began scolding one of her daughters.
班纳特女士没有做出答复；但是不能控制她自己，开始责备她的一个女儿。

"Don't keep coughing so, Kitty, for heaven's sake! Have a little compassion on my nerves. You tear them to pieces."
“不要这样一直哭了，亲爱的，就算是为了上帝吧！对我的神经保留一点点同情吧。你把它们都撕成粉碎了。”

"Kitty has no discretion in her coughs," said her father; "she times them ill."
“Kitty对于她的感冒不懂得慎重，”她的父亲说；“她生病了。”

"I do not cough for my own amusement,"replied Kitty fretfully.
“我不会用感冒来作为自己的乐趣的，”凯蒂气恼地回答。

"When is your next ball to be, Lizzy?"
“丽兹，你的下一场舞会是什么时候呢？”

"Tomorrow fortnight."
“从明天起，还有两周。”

"Aye, so it is,"cried her mother,"and Mrs.Long does not come back till the day before; so it will be impossible for her to introduce him, for she will not know him herself."
“哎，就是这样的。”她的母亲哭着说，“并且朗格夫人直到那天之前也不再回来；所以它将不可能为她去介绍给他，因为她自己不知道他。”

"Then, my dear, you may have the advantage of your friend, and introduce Mr.Bingley to her."
“那么，我亲爱的，你可能有你朋友的优势，并且介绍彬格莱先生给她。”

"Impossible, Mr.Bennet, impossible, when I am not acquainted with him myself; how can you be so teazing?"
“不可能，彬格莱先生，不可能，当我自己不认识他；你怎么能这样戏弄？”

"I honour your circumspection. A fortnight's acquaintance is certainly very little. One cannot know what a man really is by the end of a fortnight. But if we do not venture, somebody else will; and after all, Mrs.Long and her nieces must stand their chance; and therefore, as she will think it an act kindness, if you decline the office, I will take it on myself."
“我对你的细心感到很荣幸。两周的相识确实是很少。在两周时间结束的时候，一个人不能知道一个真正的男人是什么。但是如果我们不去冒险，一些人会；而且毕竟，朗格夫人和她的侄女们必须忍受他们的机会；而且，当她认为它是一种善意的表现时，如果你拒绝办公室，我会自己承担。”

The girls stared at their father. Mrs.Bennet said only,"Nonsense, nonsense!"
女孩们瞪着他们的父亲。班纳特先生只说：“胡说八道，胡说八道！”

"What can be the meaning of that emphatic exclamation?" cried he."Do you consider the forms of introduction, and the stress that is laid on them, as nonsense? I cannot quite agree with you there. What say you, Mary? for you are a young lady of deep reflection I know, and read great books, and make extracts."
“强调感叹的意义是什么？”他哭道。“你考虑过介绍的形式吗？而且放在他们身上的压力是没有意义的吗？我不能完全同意你的意见。玛丽，你说呢？我知道你作为一个深度反应的年轻女士，读了很多书，做了很多，提取了很多想法。”

Mary wished to say something very sensible, but knew not how.
玛丽希望说些非常明智的话，但是不知道怎样去说。

"While Mary is adjusting her ideas,"he continued,"let us return to Mr.Bingley."
“然而玛丽在调整她的想法，”他继续道，“让我们返回到彬格莱先生的话题。”

"I am sick of Mr.Bingley,"cried his wife.
“我厌倦了彬格莱先生，”她的妻子哭道。

"I am sorry to hear that; but why did not you tell me so before? If I had known as much this morning, I certainly would not have called on him. It is very unlucky; but as I have actually paid the visit, we cannot escape the acquaintance now."
“听到这个我很抱歉；但是你为什么不早点告诉我这些呢？如果我今天早上已经知道这些的话，我当然不会打电话给他。真不幸；但是我已经去拜访过他了，现在我们不能逃离这场相识了。”

The astonishment of the ladies was just what he wished; that of Mrs.Bennet perhaps surpassing the rest; though when the first tumult of joy was over, she began to declare that it was what she had expected all the while.
女士的震惊恰恰是他所希望的那样；班纳特先生可能超越其余；尽管当第一次愉悦的骚动过去之后，她开始宣布与此同时事情就像她所期待的那样。

"How good it was in you, my dear Mr.Bennet! But I knew I should persuade you at last. I was sure you loved our girls too well to neglect such an acquaintance. Well, how pleased I am! and it is such a good joke, too, that you should have gone this morning, and never said a word about it till now."
“你有多好啊，我亲爱的班纳特先生！但是我知道我最后应该劝服你。我确定你太过于爱我们的女孩们以至于你忽略了这样的一个熟人。好了，我是如此的高兴！而且它也是这样好的一个笑话，你本应该今天早上消失的，并且直到现在永远不提关于它的一句话。”

"Now, Kitty, you may cough as much as you chuse," said Mr.Bennet; and, as he spoke, he left the room, fatigued with the raptures of his wife.
“现在，凯蒂，你可以尽可能的咳嗽了，”班纳特先生说，当他说的时候，它离开了这间房间，因妻子的兴奋而疲惫不堪。

"What an excellent father you have, girls," said she, when the door was shut."I do not know how you will ever make him amends for his kindness; or me either, for that matter. At our time of life, it is not so pleasant I can tell you, to be making new acquaintance every day; but for your sakes, we would do any thing. Lydia, my love,though you are the youngest, I dare say Mr.Bingley will dance with you at the next ball."
“女孩们，你们有一个多么杰出的父亲！”她说，当门关上的时候。“我不知道你们怎样做去回报他的善良；或者就此而言，我也是。在我们的人生中，我能告诉你们，每天结识熟人不是令人高兴的事情。但是因为你们的缘故，我们将会做任何事情。莉迪亚，我亲爱的，尽管你是最小的一个，但是我敢说彬格莱先生将会在下一场舞会中和你一起跳舞。”

"Oh!" said Lydia stoutly,"I am not afraid; for though I am the youngest, I'm the tallest."
“哦！”莉迪亚坚决地说，“我不担心。因为尽管我是年龄最小的，但我是最高的一个。”

The rest of the evening was spent in conjecturing how soon he would return Mr.Bennet's visit, and determining when they should ask him to dinner.
这天晚上剩下的时间就被用来揣测他将会多快回复班纳特先生的拜访，并且决定他们询问他何时吃饭。

本译文由作者Sinn编写，请勿用于商业用途。如有错误，请指出并斧正。
