This is a truth universally acknowladged, that a single man in possession of a good furtune must be in want of a wife.
人们真实且普遍的认为，一个拥有巨大财富的男人一定想要一个妻子。

However little known the feelings or views of such a man may be on his first entering a neighbourhood, this truth is so well fixed in the minds of the surrounding families, that he is considered as the rightful property of some one or other of their daughters.
然而几乎没有人知道这样的一个男人可能是他第一次进入一个社区时的感觉或者是视角，这样的事实也很好的契合了周围家庭的思想，那就是他被认为时他们女儿中某个人或其他人的合法财产。

"My dear Mr.Bennet," said his lady to him one day,"have you heard that Netherfield Park is let at last?"
“我亲爱的班纳特先生，”一天，他的女人对他说，“你已经听说尼日斐花园最后出租出去了吗？”

Mr.Bennet replied that he had not.
班纳特先生回答说他不知道。

“But ti is,”returned she;"for Mrs.Long has just been here, and she told me all about it."
但是事实确实是这样，她回答说，“因为朗格太太刚刚到过那里，她把这件事情全部告诉我了。”

Mr.Bennet made no answer.
班纳特先生没有回答。

"Do not you want to know who has been taken it?" cried his wife impatiently.
“难道你不想知道是谁已经承包了它吗？”他的妻子不耐烦地哭泣道。

"You want to tell me, and I have no objection to hearing it." objection - 反对
“你想告诉我，而且我并不反对听到它。”

This was invitation enough.
这张请帖就足够了。

"Why, my dear, you must know, Mrs.Long says that Netherfield is taken by a young man of large fortune from the north of England; that he came down on Monday in a chaise and four to see the place, and was so much delighted with it that he agreed with Mr.Morris immediately; that he is to take possession before Michaelmas, and some of his servants are to be in the house by the end of next week."
“为什么呢？我亲爱的，你一定知道，朗格夫人说尼日斐被来自英格兰北部的一个拥有大量财富年轻人占有了。他在周一来的，躺在贵妃椅中，驾着四驾马车来看这个地方，并且非常高兴的他立即和莫瑞斯先生达成了一致。他在米迦勒之前占有了它，并且他的一些仆人将在下周末到达这个房子。”

"What is his name?"
“他叫什么？”

"Bingley."
“彬格莱。”

"Is he married or single?"
“他已婚了还是单身？”

"Oh! single, my dear, to be sure! A single man of large fortune; four or five thousand a year. What a fine thing for our girls!"
“哦！单身，我亲爱的，我确定！一个拥有大量财富的单身青年，每年四五千英镑，这对于我们的女孩们来说是多么好的一件事啊！”

"How so? how can it affect them?"
“那又怎么样呢？这件事能怎样影响她们呢？”

"My dear Mr.Bennet," replied his wife, "how can you be so tiresome! You must know that I am thinking of his marrying of them."
“我亲爱的班纳特先生，”他的妻子回答他，“你怎么能这样的令人心烦呢？你要知道我正在想他和女儿们结婚。”

"Is that his design in settling here?"
“他打算定居在这里吗？”

"Design! Nonsense, how can you talk so! But it is very likely that he may fall in love with one of them, and therefore you must visit him as soon as he comes."
“打算！胡说八道，你怎么能这样讲呢？但是他可能和其中的一个女儿陷入爱河，那么因此你必须在他来的时候尽可能快的拜访他。”

"I see no occasion for that. You and the girls may go, or you may send them by themselves, which perhaps will still better; for, as you are as handsome as any of them, Mr.Bingley might like you the best of the party."
“我不适合出现在那种场合。你和女孩们可以去，或者你可以送她们让她们自己去，这样可能会更好一点。或者，你打扮的和他们其中的任何一个人一样俊俏，在聚会上彬格莱先生可能最喜欢你。”

"My dear, you flatter me. I certainly have had my share of beauty, but I do not pretend to be any thing extraordinary now. When a woman has five grown up daughters, she ought to give over thinking of her own beauty."
“我亲爱的，你太奉承我了。我确实曾经分享我的美丽，但是我不再假装是任何杰出的事情了。当一个女人有了五个成长中的女儿，她应该放弃对她美丽的思考。”

"In such cases, a woman has not often much beauty to think of."
“在这种情况下，一个女人已经不经常过多的思考美丽了。”

"But, my dear, you must indeed go and see Mr.Bingley when he comes into the neighbourhood."
“但是，我亲爱的，当他进入邻里的时候，你必须去并且看望彬格莱先生。”

"It is more than I engage for, I assure you."
“它已经超出我参与的部分了，我答应你。”

"But consider your daughters. Only think what an establishment it would be for one of them. Sir William and Lady Lucas are determined to go, merely on that account, for in general, you know they visit no new comers. Indeed you must go, for it will be impossible for us to visit him, if you do not."
“但是，考虑你的女儿们。只想一想它将是她们其中一个的事业。威廉姆先生和卢卡斯女士也决定去拜访，仅仅就此而言，对于一般来说，你知道他们从不拜访新来的人。你确实必须去，因为如果你不这样做的话，我们不可能去拜访他。”

"You are over-scrupulous, surely. I dare say Mr.Bingley will be very glad to see you; and I will send a few lines by you to assure him of my hearty consent to his marrying which ever he chuses of the girls; though I must throw in a good word for my little Lizzy."
“你想太多了，我敢肯定。我敢说彬格莱先生将会非常高兴见到你；并且我将会写几行字通过你来确保他能感受到我对他真诚的赞同迎娶我的女儿。这样我必须为我的小女儿丽兹写一些好词。”

"I desire you will do no such thing. Lizzy is not a bit better than the others; and I am sure she is not half so handsome as Jane, nor half so good humoured as Lydia. But you are always giving her the preference."
“我希望你不要这样做。丽兹比其他人没有一点好。并且我肯定她没有简的一般俊俏，也没有莉迪亚一半的幽默。但是你总是偏爱她。”

"They have none of them much to recommend them," replied he;"they are all silly and ignorant like other girls; but Lizzy has something more of quickness than her sisters."
“她们没有值得推荐的地方，”他回答说，“她们都和其他的女孩们一样愚蠢和愚昧；但是丽兹比她的姐妹们速度更快。”

"Mr.Bennet, how can you abuse your own children in such way? You take delight in vexing me. You have no compassion on my poor nerves."
“班纳特先生，你怎么能用这样的方式虐待你的孩子呢？你喜欢让我烦恼。你对我脆弱的神经根本没有同情。”

"You mistake me, my dear. I have a high respect for your nerves. They are my old friends. I have heard you mention them with consideration these twenty years at least."
“亲爱的，你错怪我了。我高度尊重你的神经。他们是我的老朋友了。我已经听说你提到和考虑至少这二十年了。”

"Ah! you do not know what I suffer."
“啊！你不知道我遭受着什么。”

"But I hope you will get over it, and live to see many young men of four thousand a year come into the neighbourhood."
“但是我希望你能克服它，并且或者看到许多年入四千英镑的年轻人进入这个邻里（社区）。”

"It will be no use to us if twenty such should come, since you will not visit them."
“它对我们是没有用处的如果20个这样的年轻人应该来的话，因为你从不会拜访他们。”

"Depend upon it, my dear, that when there are twenty I will visit them all."
“取决于它，我亲爱的，当有二十个年轻人到来的时候，我会全部拜访他们的。”

Mr.Bennet was so odd a mixture of quick parts, sarcastic humour, reserve, and caprice, that the experience of the three and twenty years had been insufficient to make his wife understand his character. Her mind was less difficult to develope. She was a woman of mean understanding, little information, and uncertain temper. When she was discontented, she fancied herself nervous. The business of her life was to get her daughters married; its solace was visiting and news.
本奈特先生是如此奇怪的一快速零件的混合体，具有讽刺性的幽默、保守和任性，以至于没有二三十年的经历不能使他的妻子理解他的性格。她的脑子不难塑造。她是一个女人，具有理解力、但几乎没有知识，有不确定的脾气。当她发牢骚的时候，她幻想自己紧张。她生命的目标就是使她的女儿们结婚；她的慰藉就是拜访和新闻。

本译文由作者Sinn编写，请勿用于商业用途。如有错误，请指出并斧正。
